content/portfolio/UX-case-study-for-agriculture-app.md, before:

---
title: UX Case Study for Agriculture App
date: 2020-08-12T12:13:40+00:00
thumbnail: images/portfolio/portfolio-4.png
service: UX Design
client: Jane Doe
shortDescription: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam
  nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam
  voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd
  gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet lorem ipsum dolor.
challenge: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy
  eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua
  vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren.
solution: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy
  eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua
  vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren.

---
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Trey Roberts updated content/portfolio/UX-case-study-for-agriculture-app.md

content/portfolio/UX-case-study-for-agriculture-app.md, after:

---
title: Featured Film
date: 2022-02-27T13:13:40+00:00
thumbnail: "/images/web-design.jpg"
service: UX Design
client: Alice Strickland
shortDescription: Create an effective funnel for film critics and distribution partners
  to gain an appreciation and desire for the documentary. The site needs to capture
  their attention, and allow them to watch the full movie right on site.
challenge: The problem is that to be eligible for awards and accreditation, the movie
  cannot be public. It must be gated behind a password or streamed on a private service.
  So we need a beautiful, easy to navigate site, with gated functionality.
solution: We needed to make sure we met the clients expectations so they would not
  miss out on critical growth opportunities. We created a user experience that was
  easy to digest and understand that would entice and capture an audience. Then, when
  they are ready to watch the film, they could use an automated contact form to receive
  a password to stream right from their device.
type: ''

---
The mission was clear. Our client needed a site to feature a full length documentary with zero down time. We implemented a lightning fast content delivery network to deliver the film behind a password protected gate. 

To highlight the film, we included the full press kit, and interactive cast carousel, and an automated email system for the contact film. It was a pleasure working with the director and we were able to go from launch the site in under a week for $400. A prime example of high quality web design on a budget.
